GNU Affero General Public License v3.0
======================================

Permissions of this strongest
copyleft license are
conditioned on making
available complete source code
of licensed works and
modifications, which include
larger works using a licensed
work, under the same license.
Copyright and license notices
must be preserved.
Contributors provide an
express grant of patent
rights. When a modified
version is used to provide a
service over a network, the
complete source code of the
modified version must be made
available.

Permissions
Commercial use – The licensed
    material and derivatives
    may be used for commercial
    purposes.
Modification – The licensed
    material may be modified.
Distribution – The licensed
    material may be
    distributed.
Patent use – This license
    provides an express grant
    of patent rights from
    contributors.
Private use – The licensed
    material may be used and
    modified in private.

Conditions
License and copyright notice – A copy of the license and
    copyright notice must be
    included with the licensed
    material.
State changes – Changes made
    to the licensed material
    must be documented.
Disclose source – Source code
    must be made available
    when the licensed material
    is distributed.
Network use is distribution – Users who interact with
    the licensed material via
    network are given the
    right to receive a copy of
    the source code.
Same license – Modifications
    must be released under the
    same license when
    distributing the licensed
    material. In some cases a
    similar or related license
    may be used.

Limitations
Liability – This license
    includes a limitation of
    liability.
Warranty – This license
    explicitly states that it
    does NOT provide any
    warranty.
